README2.md, before:

# JJBA-Stands
This is a mod that tries to incorporate the entities of JoJo's Bizarre Adventures known as "Stands" into Forager.


[h1]How to get a Stand[/h1]
You can try any of the following options:
[list]
[*]Start a new game
[*]Craft and use a Suspicious arrow
[*]Dig up(digging spot) and use a Holy part from the desert
[/list]
you can also craft and use a special Disc to remove and store your current Stand


[h1]How to use your Stand[/h1]
You can summon or dismiss your Stand by pressing Q, some abilities can only be executed with you Stand being active and some others not.
The keybinds for using your Stand's abilities are: R, F, C and G; some Stands have abilities that can be performed by holding the respective ability keybind.


[h1]How to evolve your Stand[/h1]
Some Stands are capable of evolving into a stronger form:
[list]
[*]Shadow The World can evolve into The World with enough experience gained
[*]Killer Queen can evolve into Killer Queen: Bites the Dust upon using a Requiem arrow
[*]Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap can evolve into D4C: Love Train by collecting and using the missing Holy parts
[/list]


[u]Stands you can get from a Suspicious arrow:[/u]
[list]
[*]Star Platinum
[*]Shadow The World
[*]Killer Queen
[*]Gold Experience
[*]Sticky Fingers
[b][i]Rare:[/i][/b]
[*]Spooky World
[*]Star Platinum OVA
[*]The World OVA
[*]Imposter
[/list]
rare stands have a weight of 1 instead of 30.

[u]Stands you can get from Holy parts:[/u]
[list]
[*]The World Alternate Universe (Eye)
[*]Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap (Heart)
[/list]

Commit message:

kc wip, stands in dungeons and more
alt dmg for hold skills, pucci empty disc drop, new circle effects, changed default hit sound to foragers hit sound

README2.md, after:

# JJBA-Stands
This is a mod that tries to incorporate the entities of JoJo's Bizarre Adventures known as "Stands" into Forager.


[h1]How to get a Stand[/h1]
You can try any of the following options:
[list]
[*]Start a new game
[*]Craft a Suspicious arrow in a forge and use it
[*]Dig up(digging spot) and use a Holy part from the desert
[/list]


[h1]How to use your Stand[/h1]
You can summon or dismiss your Stand by pressing Q, some abilities can only be executed with your Stand being active and some others not.
The keybinds for using your Stand's abilities are: R, F, C and G; some Stands have abilities that can be performed by holding the respective ability keybind.


[h1]How to get more Stands[/h1]
You can't own more than one Stand at a time, to get more Stands you first need to finish Pucci's first quest, he will randomly spawn at the center of the map, once you do so he will reward you with a blueprint for crafting empty Stand discs, these discs will remove and store your current Stand inside it allowing you to get new Stands. After using the disc blueprint Pucci will have a new quest available.


[h1]How to evolve your Stand[/h1]
Some Stands are capable of evolving into a stronger form:
[list]
[*]Shadow The World can evolve into The World with enough experience gained
[*]Killer Queen can evolve into Killer Queen: Bites the Dust upon using a Requiem arrow
[*]Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap can evolve into D4C: Love Train by collecting and using the missing Holy parts
[/list]


[u]Stands you can get from a Suspicious arrow:[/u]
[list]
[*]Star Platinum
[*]Shadow The World
[*]Killer Queen
[*]Gold Experience
[*]Sticky Fingers
[b][i]Rare:[/i][/b]
[*]Spooky World
[*]Star Platinum Retro
[*]The World Retro
[*]Imposter
[*]Shadow
[/list]
rare stands have a weight of 1 instead of 30.

[u]Stands you can get from Holy parts:[/u]
[list]
[*]The World Alternate Universe (Eye)
[*]Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap (Heart)
[/list]
